doc --raftlogdir (#106)
ConsenSys/doc.goquorum: docs/Reference/CLI-Syntax.md

[joining a pre-existing cluster](../HowTo/Configure/Consensus/Configuring-Raft.md#adding-raft-members).
The default is 0.

### `raftlogdir`

=== "Syntax"

    ```bash
    --raftlogdir <DIRECTORY>
    ```

=== "Command Line"

    ```bash
    --raftlogdir raftlogdir
    ```

> Raft log directory the node uses for the `quorum-raft-state`, `raft-snap` and `raft-wal` folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Raft log directory used for the `quorum-raft-state`, `raft-snap` and `raft-wal` folders.
```

> If `raftlogdir` isn't set, it defaults to the [`datadir` option](https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/interface/command-line-options).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to the [`datadir` option](https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/interface/command-line-options).
```
